Added Rbac manifest in pod-network-latency experiment (#141)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: website/docs/user-guides/upgrade.md

> Note: This step is not required for upgrading 2.0.0-Beta9 to 2.0.0

To upgrade the DB schema, make sure to delete the PV before re-installing ChaosCenter.

## Upgrade ChaosAgent
To upgrade your ChaosAgent, you can follow these steps:

1. If an upgrade is available, you will get an option to upgrade your agent in the ChaosCenter. Upon clicking on the upgrade option, a modal will pop up providing you the litmusctl command which you can execute and your ChaosAgent will be upgraded.

<img src={require('../assets/user-guides/upgrade/upgrade-agent.png').default} width="800" />

> Alternatively you can run the following command on litmusctl by providing `<CLUSTER_ID>` and `<PROJECT_ID>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can run the following command using litmusctl in the cluster containing the agent by providing `<CLUSTER_ID>` and `<PROJECT_ID>`.
```
